notes virus chikungunya
	Avi wants Zichen and myself to process this data. Zichen has started and sent me a processed version of the original data (original data Avi data.xlsx) - processed data is log2_heavy_light_matrix.txt. The data is protein level expression, not phosphorylation data, however, Avi wants me to do KEA on the data. I can also do X2K and visualize both together. 

	I can do a few quick things. First, I can cluster and visualize the primary data, which Zichen has already done. Secone, I can run KEA and X2K and visualize the results for the different treatments in a clustergram. This will be pretty easy to get together. I could make another flask app for this and deploy it when I have some figures. 

making website - 8-3-2015
	Going to make website with view of original data and enriched kinases. 

keratins and collagens	
	keratins are down-regulated and collagens are up-regulated. 

	FN1, fibronectin, binds the cell surfaces and various compounds including collagen, fibrin, ... (connected to collagen and up-regulated)

	TGFBI, transforming growth factor-beta-induced protein igH3. Binds to type 1, 2, and 4 collagens. This adjesion protein may play an important role in cell-collagen interactions. In cartlage, may be involved in endochondral bone formation. 

	SPARC: appears to retulate cell growth through interactions with the extracellular matrix and cutokines. Binds calcium and copper, several types of collagen ... 

	- mechanism
	------------
	There is always the possibility that the reason that there is some discrepancy in the measured value of some protein (potentially large extracellular proteins) might be due to the separation process - lysate and supernatent.

PPI interaction 
	I could make a PPI visualization of the up/dn consensus (use similar procedure to Zichen) proteins to see which commonly up/dn regulated proteins are potentially functionally related to eachother (based on mutual binding).

Avi Requests - 8-5-2015 
	Deploy website with proteomics data views. Send lists of up/dn genes to l1000cds2. Make 1 page write up (use Zichen's data). 

	I did two queries using l1000cds2 

	l1000cds2 links 
		collagen up and keratin dn: http://amp.pharm.mssm.edu/L1000CDS2/#/result/55c2469e17c56aef005aeb27
		up/dn lists: http://amp.pharm.mssm.edu/L1000CDS2/#/result/55c246e817c56aef005aeb29

		There are a few drugs that show up with both searches 
			BJM-ctd2-9
			Homoharringtonine

	Keratin and Collagen lists

		collagen
			COL1A1 
			COL1A2
			COL5A1
			COL6A1
			COL6A3	

		keratin 
			Type I - Human epithelial keratins 
				KRT10	
				KRT13
				KRT14
				KRT17
				KRT19
				KRT9

			Type II - Human epithelial keratins
				KRT1 
				KRT2
				KRT5

			Type I keratins are acidic low-molecular weight proteins, while Type II keratins are basic or neutral high molecular weight proteins. 

		All of the keratins are epithelial keratins (none are hair).

	Keratin notes:	
		The first sequences of keratins revealed that keratins could be groupled into two categories based on their sequence homologies - type I and type II keratins. 

		Type1 keratins are cytokeratins that constitute the type 1 intermediate filaments of the intracytoplasmic cytoskeleton, which is present in all mammalian epithelial cells. Most of the type 1 keratins consist of acidic, low molecular weight proteins, which in vivo are arranged in pairs of heterotypic Type I and Type II keratin chains, coexpressed during differentiation of simple and stratified epithelial tissues. 

		Type2 keratins constitutes the type II intermediate filaments of the intracytyplasimc cytoskeleton, which is present in all mammalian epithelial cells. Thye 2 cytokeratins consist of basic or neurtal, high molecular weight proteins, which in vivo are arrange in pairs of hetrotypic type I and type II keratin chains, coexpressed iduring differentitation of simple and stratified epithelial tissues. 

	Collagen Notes 
		Collagens are the most abundant proteins in mammals. The collagen family (ref: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3003457/) comprses 28 members that contain at least one triple-helical domain. Collagens are deposited in the extracellular matrix where most of them form supramolecular aassemblies. ... Collagens play structural roles and contribute to mechanical properties, organization, and shape of tiessues. They interact with cells via several receptor families and regulate their proliferation, mugration ... 

Change Name 8-5-2015
	Change the name to: ChikungunyaUSAMRIID (from chikungunyaKEA). Also add in links to Qiaonan's drug predictions and change the upper left paragraph. 
	